ok we're going to attempt to remove a
big frog told from the skimmer I mean
this thing is huge oh they went back he
went back no it's still left doing that
right there trying to actually still in
there tiding right there it's right in
there oh yeah should've put a yeah did
you get it
right there going underneath that I'm
going to try to
is sucking it in most likely yeah it's
gone that's a goner
oh my god did you see it yep oh right
there I think it's dad look I bring it
here shall I schofield co2 or two whew
that's a big one right there man who
died not even than that
there goes
man oh yeah let's bring it to my time
record this how they scream
look what if it jumps in the house get
it out right now just touch it no
seriously what if it jumps in the house
oh that's sick okay she could cut it and
they're less YouTube yeah